Problem 2:
	a.
		3.5.4 is not valid: Any statement of form "if true then t2 else t3" could evaluate either
		to t2 or to t3 in one step. Therefore, the evaluation is not deterministic.

		3.5.7 is valid: The definition for normaility is unaffected. True and false, the only
		values in our language, cannot evaluate further and are still normal.

		3.5.8 is valid: The theorem can be restated as "If t is not a value, then t is not in
		normal form." If t is not a value, then it is of form "if t1 then t2 else t3". This can
		still be evaluated in all cases, and in fact if t1 evaluates to true, then t can be
		evaluated in multiple ways.

		3.5.11 is not valid: Consider the term "if true then true else false". This term evaluates
		to true in 0 or more steps (1 step, in fact), and also evaluates to false in one step.
		Therefore, e-funny1 contradicts theorem 3.5.11.

		3.5.12 is valid: The given reasoning is still valid. Each evaluation step reduces the size
		of the term, even if evaluation branches into multiple posibilities.

	b.
		3.5.4 is not valid: Any statement of form "if t1 then t2 else t3" could continue by either
		evaluating t1 one step or by evaluating t2 one step. The outcomes from each step of
		evaluation are not equal, and therefore the evaluation is not deterministic.

		3.5.7 is valid: Again, the definition for normaliity is unaffected, and is still valid.

		3.5.8 is still valid as is.

		3.5.11 is valid. Every term can still be evaluated to a value. The resulting value of
		evaluation remains the same; e-funny2 only affects the order of evaluation. The proof must
		be modified to account for the non-determinacy of evaluation.

		3.5.12 is still valid as is. Any evaluation still reduces the size of the term.

	c.
		3.5.4 is valid: Any term of form "if t then t else t", "succ t", or "pred t" can be
		evaluated in at most one way.

		3.5.7 is valid: A term is a value if it is of form "true", "false", "0", or "succ nv".
		None of these can be evaluated further.

		3.5.8 is invalid: "succ true" is not a value, and yet does not evaluate.

		3.5.11 is valid: The theorem holds for all values, because values cannot evaluate. The
		theorem holds for "if t then t else t" as before. It also holds for "pred t" and "succ t",
		because the given t can only be evaluated in one way.

		3.5.12 is valid as before.